Readme.md, before:

Tweet Analyser
========

`Tweet_analyser` is a Python library to generate a quick tweet report from a twitter list. The report will show the sentiment and polarity, the main topics and a correlation between the key words. It also will show the top n tweets and the most relevant tweets. Currently, the `Tweet_analyser` only runs in english. Support for other languages will be added.

# Setup
The tweet_report Python tool requires a proper configuration file in order to function correctly. The configuration file should include the following fields:

1. `API_KEY`: This field should contain your Twitter API key.
2. `API_KEY_SECRET`: This field should contain your Twitter API secret key.
3. `BEARER_TOKEN`: This field should contain your Twitter API bearer token.
4. `ACCESS_TOKEN`: This field should contain your Twitter API access token.
5. `ACCESS_SECRET`: This field should contain your Twitter API access secret.
6. `CLIENT_SECRET`: This field should contain your Twitter client secret.
7. `LIST_ID`: This field should contain the ID number of the Twitter list that you want to analyze. You can find this ID number appended at the end of the list URL.
8. `SENDER_EMAIL`: This field should contain the email address that you want to use to send the report.
9. `RECEIVER_EMAIL`: This field should contain the email address that you want to receive the report. It can be the same as the sender email address.
10. `EMAIL_PASSWORD`: This field should contain the password for the email address that you want to use to send the report.
11. `NTWEETS`: This field should contain the number of tweets that you want to analyze. By default, the tool will analyze 1000 tweets.
12. `RUN`: This field should contain a boolean value to run the script. By default, the value is set to False.

You can create the file using the command `--create_config_file` or manually one by one using `set_parameter`.

Moreover, the package also relies on the `en_core_web_sm` model of spacy and `spacytextblob`, thus before running the model it is recomendable to run:

```bash
python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm
python -m textblob.download_corpora
```

You can see all the commands included in the tweeter_analyser tool using the command -h

```bash
Tweet_analyser [-h] [-s] [-set] [-sp] [-r] [-c] [-show] [-add] {} ...

Tweet analyser

positional arguments:
  {}

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -s, --start           Start the tweet analyser
  -set, --set_parameter
                        Set a parameter in the config file
  -sp, --stop           Stop the tweet analyser
  -r, --run             Run the tweet analyser
  -c, --create_config   Create a config file
  -show, --show_config  Show the config file
  -add, --add_boring_word
                        Add words to the ignore list
```

# Run

Once the setting file is ready, you can run the tweeter report via `start` or `run`.

# Special words

The tweeter analyser also includes the feature to filter out unnecesary words. You can add more words using the function -add 

```bash
Tweeter_analyser -add
```

Commit message:

Add comment on the use of Gmail

Readme.md, after:

Tweet Analyser
========

`Tweet_analyser` is a Python library to generate a quick tweet report from a twitter list. The report will show the sentiment and polarity, the main topics and a correlation between the key words. It also will show the top n tweets and the most relevant tweets. Currently, the `Tweet_analyser` only runs in english. Support for other languages will be added.

# Setup
The tweet_report Python tool requires a proper configuration file in order to function correctly. The configuration file should include the following fields:

1. `API_KEY`: This field should contain your Twitter API key.
2. `API_KEY_SECRET`: This field should contain your Twitter API secret key.
3. `BEARER_TOKEN`: This field should contain your Twitter API bearer token.
4. `ACCESS_TOKEN`: This field should contain your Twitter API access token.
5. `ACCESS_SECRET`: This field should contain your Twitter API access secret.
6. `CLIENT_SECRET`: This field should contain your Twitter client secret.
7. `LIST_ID`: This field should contain the ID number of the Twitter list that you want to analyze. You can find this ID number appended at the end of the list URL.
8. `SENDER_EMAIL`: This field should contain the email address that you want to use to send the report.
9. `RECEIVER_EMAIL`: This field should contain the email address that you want to receive the report. It can be the same as the sender email address.
10. `EMAIL_PASSWORD`: This field should contain the password for the email address that you want to use to send the report.
11. `NTWEETS`: This field should contain the number of tweets that you want to analyze. By default, the tool will analyze 1000 tweets.
12. `RUN`: This field should contain a boolean value to run the script. By default, the value is set to False.

You can create the file using the command `--create_config_file` or manually one by one using `set_parameter`.

Moreover, the package also relies on the `en_core_web_sm` model of spacy and `spacytextblob`, thus before running the model it is recomendable to run:

```bash
python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm
python -m textblob.download_corpora
```

You can see all the commands included in the tweeter_analyser tool using the command -h

```bash
Tweet_analyser [-h] [-s] [-set] [-sp] [-r] [-c] [-show] [-add] {} ...

Tweet analyser

positional arguments:
  {}

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -s, --start           Start the tweet analyser
  -set, --set_parameter
                        Set a parameter in the config file
  -sp, --stop           Stop the tweet analyser
  -r, --run             Run the tweet analyser
  -c, --create_config   Create a config file
  -show, --show_config  Show the config file
  -add, --add_boring_word
                        Add words to the ignore list
```

# Run

Once the setting file is ready, you can run the tweeter report via `start` or `run`. Note that if the email associated with the bot is a Gmail, you'll need to enable less secure apps access for your Gmail account if you plan to use a Gmail account to send emails through this script. You can do this by following the instructions here: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/6010255

# Special words

The tweeter analyser also includes the feature to filter out unnecesary words. You can add more words using the function -add 

```bash
Tweeter_analyser -add
```
